Next: create print_summary method with contents of 636--648.

make sure decisions on what is in $self and what is in $data are good
Fix import mechanism
	pass info to hooks as arguments instead of messing with the symbol table

Define "specifier" early on in the documentation. Give the anatomy of a data file.
Mention that the specifier is the data unless otherwise specified
Change values of excNull and excGiven to 1/0 or something more booleanish.

Use Path::Tiny to get project file paths

Refactoring plan:
	Algorithm::AM object should be a single classifier, not a batch runner.
		classify() method should classify a single vector
		Should move iteration, and iter vars, into a separate class.
			This will make testing much easier, since we can then simply return classification outcomes in a single variable and test it, instead of testing printed output or accumulating outcomes and testing them.
		Don't print as we go; provide print methods
			also provide method for grabbing format variables
			pass the AM object to hooks so that these are usable
	I think beginning vars should just be in the AM object;
	format vars should also be in the AM object
	usage of outcometonum should be replaced with a method
	@sum should be replaced with something with index starting at 0
		possibly rename to "subtotals"
	I think endvars should be a return value besides being available in the hook.
		should probably also return the entire analogical set...

Stop using symbol table to pass format variables

Document how to import bigcmp

Write guide on porting old AM code.
	classify, not ->()
	variables
	running batches
	bigcmp

Eliminate outcometonum

Figure out 'cannot remove directory' errors from dzil release
Figure out good project organization to allow dual builders (MB and EUMM)

Make printing clearer (label gangs, etc.)
put argument handling in one place

remove references to 'the red book'; put all documentation in the code!
output something about the number of features in the vectors contained in a data file

Read through documentation, update/clean if necessary
	Include Wikipedia pictures
Look at API. Update/clean if necessary.
Create an AM old stuff branch

allow user to specify input format
	specify bigsep, littlesep
	specify comment character
get rid of difficult (but extremely cool) __DATA__ hack
	At first, put __DATA__ in a separate file for easier browsing
	Maybe use Text::Template or Template toolkit instead of hand markings
